Job Summary

This role performs and implements activities that impacts components / processes of specified functional areas of the Walgreens business software products OR Digital/Online application in an Agile environment. Work is typically received in short-term assignments that often require the application of independent judgment. Operates within the context of defined procedures that provide desired functionality to digital solutions, products and programs, typically for intermediary, basic to complex systems. Implements activities that influence entry to mid-level components of the functional area

Job Responsibilities

Writes code that meets specifications. Develops software applications and tools.
Completes programming and performs testing and debugging applications
Develops software applications and tools using Agile development methodologies.
Participates actively in the design, architecture and build phases, to aim at producing high quality deliverables, working with existing architects where appropriate.
Participates in the evaluation of compatibility of programs with existing communications hardware and software features. Develops professional expertise, applies company policies and procedures to resolve a variety of issues.
Works on problems of moderate scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors. Exercises judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action.
Builds productive internal/external working relationships.
Receives general instructions on routine work, detailed instructions on new projects or assignments. Usually works with some supervision, conferring with superiors on unusual or complex matters
Demonstrates proficiency in several areas of the professional function.
Has working knowledge of programming languages important to the organization
Effectively resolves problems and roadblocks as they occur. Has working knowledge of programming languages important to the organization.
Interacts with internal and external peers and/or managers to exchange semi-complex information related to assigned activities.
Acts as individual contributor as well as team member
Utilizes experience in order to identify problematic relationships.
Anticipates, prevents and eliminates problems and creates efficient fixes.
Gathers and updates necessary information and communicates to appropriate parties.

About Walgreens

Founded in 1901, Walgreens (www.walgreens.com) has a storied heritage of caring for communities for generations, and proudly serves nearly 9 million customers and patients each day across its approximately 8,500 stores throughout the U.S. and Puerto Rico, and leading omni-channel platforms. Walgreens has approximately 220,000 team members, including nearly 90,000 healthcare service providers, and is committed to being the first choice for retail pharmacy and health services, building trusted relationships that create healthier futures for customers, patients, team members and communities.

Walgreens is the flagship U.S. brand of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (Nasdaq: WBA), an integrated healthcare, pharmacy and retail leader. Its retail locations are a critical point of access and convenience in thousands of communities, with Walgreens pharmacists playing a greater role as part of the healthcare system and patients’ care teams than ever before. Walgreens Specialty Pharmacy provides critical care and pharmacy services to millions of patients with rare disease states and complex, chronic conditions. The actual salary an employee can expect to receive, plus bonus pursuant to the terms of any bonus plan if applicable, will depend on experience, seniority, geographic location, and other factors permitted by law. To review benefits, please visit jobs.walgreens.com/benefits More Company information is available at www.walgreensbootsalliance.com

Bachelor’s Degree and at least 2 years of Engineering, Software Engineering or similar field OR High School/ GED and at least 4 years of Engineering, Software Engineering or similar field 
Experience writing code for applications or automation
Experience with programming languages for online applications, microservices, APIs or mobile applications
Experience building, testing applications or automation
Knowledge of the Software Development Life Cycle
Experience creating coding solutions to fix moderate problems/issues
Willing to travel up to 5% of the time for business purposes (domestically and/or internationally). 
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or similar field
Experience working in an Agile environment
At least 2 years of progressively complex related experience.
Experience identifying operational issues and recommending and implementing strategies to resolve problems
Having a background in Pharmacy fulfilment is highly desirable 
DevOps
2+ years of on experience is Deployment automation for various applications IaaS, PaaS platforms
2+ years of hands-on experience in automation software like Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Terraform or equivalent
Good knowledge of GIT workflows and Repo management
Excellent knowledge in implement of CI/CD pipelines for Cloud deployments using containers/Docker
Working knowledge of Kubernetes and microservices architecture and other DevOps tooling and Linux environments
Working knowledge or experience of software development for Web and Mobile applications in agile environments
Web/backend Developer
Previous experience with full stack development ranging from front-end user interfaces to back-end systems
Proficient in back-end languages like Java, Node/Typescript, .NET, Python etc. with exposure to performance optimization of high traffic & scalable services
Hands on with modern UI frameworks like React with good knowledge of front-end design pattern (stateless components, conditional rendering, controlled components, hooks etc.)
Excellent knowledge of distributed SQL (e.g., Oracle, MySQL), NoSQL (MongoDB, Cassandra) design & consumption patterns
Have an exposure to implementation, capacity planning & performance tuning of Cloud technologies – Azure (ACS, AKS), Google, IBM, AWS or Cloud Foundry
Knowledge of software engineering best practices including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build process, testing & operations
Data & Analytics
2 years of experience in integrating, transforming and consolidating data from various structured and unstructured data systems for building analytics solutions in any cloud Platforms: Microsoft Azure, AWS or GCP
Experience with relational and NoSQL databases such as Cosmos, Cassandra
2 years of Experience in SQL, Java or Python programming
Experience in Data Pipeline and integration workflow management tools: Talend, Store Proc, Change Data Capture (CDC), Spark & Azure API
Experience identifying operational issues and recommending fixes to resolve problems
Knowledge in Azure cloud technologies like Data Flow, Data Bricks, Azure Synapse, Power BI Analytics
Experience in any of reporting tools like Power BI, Business objects, Cognos or Tableau

We will consider employment of qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. $98600 - $157500 / Salaried

Basic Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree and at least 2 years of Engineering, Software Engineering or similar field OR High School/ GED and at least 4 years of Engineering, Software Engineering or similar field 
Experience writing code for applications or automation
Experience with programming languages for online applications, microservices, APIs or mobile applications
Experience building, testing applications or automation
Knowledge of the Software Development Life Cycle
Experience creating coding solutions to fix moderate problems/issues
Willing to travel up to 5% of the time for business purposes (domestically and/or internationally).